War Guide

 
Clan Announcement will list first 3 targets for each team. Ex: CA: Team 1: 1, 5, 7.  T2: 2, 6, 9.  T3: 11, 16, 18. T4: 21, 24, 26. Then we work together as 1 team (except when we xtal
Standard Practice for All: ATK target until they have 0 troops, then Scout target until they are Knocked Out (KO). If target is KO move to next target until all targets are KO. MUST HIT TARGETS IN ORDER as a TEAM.
If you have 0 troops left, then ASSN until target has 0 troops, then Scout  until 0 spies (KO’d)
Know difference btwn ASSN and Scout. ASSN kills troops and spies (so is better), Scout only kills spies. If they have 0 troops then ONLY Scout, If they have troops, ALWAYS start with ASSN, then Scout to KO.
Everything we do is based on speed. After first 3 targets we work as 1 group to KO the remaining players. War commander will provide targets, either from War roster, or those who KO someone on our side
Goal: to KO everyone on their side.
War commander will put in cc new targets based on Regen Times. E.g. 43, 4, 1, 5, 12, 36… Standard Practice for each target: ATK, then ASSN (until target is DTW-0 troops) Scout (To KO) and move to next target.
Keep hitting targets until it says they are KO or u see in newsfeed they are KO, then more to next target. SPEED is KEY.
14mins after someone is KO We ALL sit on first target to KO them again. Then move on to the next target to do the same thing.
Absolutely NO STEALS. Keep cc Clear. ONLY report incoming hits if u know the name of the person attacking you.
If you get to 30% troops and spies you should SKO as soon as possible
We will xtal in our starting teams.
KEEP CC CLEAR. No one should post anything in cc other than incoming hits. If cc is too cluttered the tracker cannot provide targets accurately
Remember there is a big LAG in your news feed. So if u start getting lots of news, SKO ASAP. You are likely only 1-2 hits away from being KO’d. So SKO fast.
KEY To STRATEGY WORKING is working as a TEAM!!! Do try to be #1 in plunder. We war as a team we win lots of Mith. You go for personal glory…..we lose.
If enemy is KO’d they can’t win. Don’t worry about plunder, KEY is to KO as a team.


Fight – Troops used = Soldiers. Tip: Use items to increase damage to EB when needed.
Scout – Troops used = Spies. Tip: Using items will not help much.
Steal – Troops used = Spies. Tip: Using items will not help much.
Assassinate – Troops = Spies. Tip: Use items to increase damage to EB when needed.
Item – Troops used = None. Tip: You can use Items as they are named. Example: Sleeping potion will put guards to sleep. (The items do not have the same effect when used with other attacks)
 The Epic Battles:

Look at pages Epics level T1,T2,T3…. soon next levels
